[Lifecycle Workflows] Beta docs for Public preview (#17782)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/identitygovernance-userprocessingresult-summary.md

---
title: "userProcessingResult: summary"
description: "The summary of userProcessingResult for a lifecycle workflow."
author: "AlexFilipin"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

> # userProcessingResult: summary

Reviewer: Global: For the summary APIs, in the TOC,  for consistency it seems like we want to include the verb, "Get summary". Something to consider for a follow up PR.

Reviewer 2: Done.

---

> title: "User Processing Results Summary"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "userProcessingResult: summary"
```

description: "Get a user processing summary API "
author: "AlexFilipin"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

> # User Processing Results Summary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# userProcessingResult: summary
```

Namespace: microsoft.graph.identityGovernance

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Provides a user processing summary result.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|LifecycleWorkflows.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported|
|Application|LifecycleWorkflows.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /identityGovernance/lifecycleWorkflows/workflows/{workflowId}/userProcessingResults/summary(startDateTime={TimeStamp},endDateTime={TimeStamp})
```

## Function parameters

In the request URL, provide the following query parameters with values.

> The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table shows the parameters that are required with this function.
```
